# DROO

*Deep Reinforcement Learning for Online Ofﬂoading in Wireless Powered Mobile-Edge Computing Networks*

This folder includs all pre-generated training and testing data set, including:

- **data_#.mat**: , where # = {5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 20, 30} is the number of WD

- [data_10_WeightsAlternated.mat](data_10_WeightsAlternated.mat): The data set when all WDs' weights are alternated. It contains the same values of 'input_h' as the ones stored in [data_10.mat](data_10.mat). However, the optimal offloading mode, resource allocation, and the maximum computation rate are recalculated since WDs' weights are alternated.


## Data Format

Data samples are generated by enumerating all 2^N binary offloading actions for N <= 10 and by following the CD method presented in [2] for N = 20, 30. There are 30,000 (or 10,000) samples saved in each ./data/data_#.mat, where # is the user number. Each data sample includes:

|      variable          |    description            |
|------------------------:|:-----------------------|
|     input_h           |  wireless channel gain           |         
|     output_mode        |  computing mode selection        |    
|      output_a           | energy broadcasting parameter   |    
|    output_tau         | transmit time of wireless device  |    
|      output_obj         | weighted sum computation rate    |   



## About our works

1. Liang Huang, Suzhi Bi, and Ying-jun Angela Zhang, "Deep Reinforcement Learning for Online Ofﬂoading in Wireless Powered Mobile-Edge Computing Networks", on [arxiv:1808.01977](https://arxiv.org/abs/1808.01977).
2. S. Bi and Y. J. Zhang, "Computation rate maximization for wireless powered mobile-edge computing with binary computation ofﬂoading," *IEEE Trans. Wireless Commun.*, vol. 17, no. 6, pp. 4177-4190, Jun. 2018.

## About authors

- Liang HUANG, lianghuang AT zjut.edu.cn

- Suzhi BI, bsz AT szu.edu.cn

- Ying Jun (Angela) Zhang, yjzhang AT ie.cuhk.edu.hk
